Cake is a strong checkers engine for the CheckerBoard GUI. It plays English checkers. 

The whole project is a mess because I am not a professional software engineer and didn't even attempt to clean up properly before putting it on GitHub. 
But I realized that I would most likely never return to checkers programming, and so thought the code might be of interest for others nevertheless.

The main components of the engine are: 

cakepp.c: the search part of the engine. 
Cake is based on a variation of the standard alphabeta search algorithm, called MTD(f) which uses 
multiple minimal window searches at a given depth rather than a single alphabeta search. It uses
the negamax formulation of alphabeta. The search is enhanced by hashtables. At the end of the search, 
a quiescence search is made. 
Besides these standard game-playing parts, there is a game-specific enhancement with rather aggressive
evaluation-based pruning, where postiions along the current search path that are "far away" from the
expected evaluation generate reductions in remaining search depth. This works well in checkers, as
positions with a man down are generally lost. 

cake_eval_parametrized.c contains the evaluation function. It is a mix of traditional hand-crafted 
evaluation, for which I first optimized eval weights by machine learning and later added a pattern-
based evaluation that Ed Gilbert told me about on top. 
pattern.c contains the ~half million weights of the pattern-based evaluation. 
More on this can be found here: https://www.fierz.ch/cake186.php

move_gen.c: the move generator

egdb.h: header file for Ed Gilbert's Kingsrow endgame database; far superior to my own endgame database
that still exists here as dblookup.c but is no longer used. 

cake_book.c: code for the opening book; the opening book was self-generated by Cake with a special
book generator program. 
